Edge installation from a private registry (#4820)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/installing-edge-bundle/install-edge-with-edge-operator.md

Because resource consumption can be very use-case specific, many containers have memory limits significantly higher than the memory request. Workloads that consume a lot of memory can result in inevitable out-of-memory kills of processes on the host. In order to protect the underlying operating system and Kubernetes infrastructure from this, we recommend setting reserved resources. See [Reserve Compute Resources for System Daemons](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/) for more details.

### Install Edge operator from Edge registry {#install-edge-operator-from-edge-registry}

> The Edge operator is available as a Helm chart and a container image in the [Edge registry](https://registry.c8y.io/), and can be installed like any other chart. You will need your registry credentials, which can be acquired from [product support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/). Assuming you are installing the {{< c8y-edge-current-version >}} release of Edge, and that you wish all Edge workloads to be running in the namespace `c8yedge`, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Edge operator is available as a Helm chart and a container image in the [Edge registry](https://registry.c8y.io/), and can be installed like any other chart. You need your registry credentials, which can be acquired from [product support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/). Assuming you are installing the {{< c8y-edge-current-version >}} release of Edge, and that you wish all Edge workloads to be running in the namespace `c8yedge`, run the following commands:
```

      --version="{{< c8y-edge-current-version >}}" \
      --namespace c8yedge \
      --create-namespace \
      --set imageCredentials.username="<Edge registry username>" \
      --set imageCredentials.password="<Edge registry password>" \
      --wait
    ```
1. **Verify the installation:**
    <br>Follow the operator logs to ensure successful startup:
    ```shell
    kubectl logs -f --namespace c8yedge deployment/c8yedge-operator-controller-manager manager
    ```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
If you are installing Edge on an environment that has no or limited internet access, we strongly recommend using the **c8yedge** tool for installing and upgrading Edge.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

### Install Edge operator from private OCI registry {#install-edge-operator-from-private-registry}
You can install the Edge operator using Helm charts and container images hosted in a private [Open Container Initiative](https://opencontainers.org/) (OCI) compliant registry. This is the recommended approach for organizations requiring strict control over container image distribution.

> To complete this installation, you will need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete this installation, you will need the following:
```

* **Workstation:** A machine with full internet access to download artifacts.

> * **Target Environment:** A Kubernetes cluster with access to your private, OCI-compliant registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Target environment:** A Kubernetes cluster with access to your private, OCI-compliant registry.
```

#### Step 1: Sync Edge artifacts to your private registry {#sync-edge-artifacts-to-private-registry}
Depending on your environment's network connectivity, choose the appropriate synchronization method below.

* **Direct Sync (Online)**
  <br>If your environment has direct internet access, use the c8yedge tool to sync artifacts directly:
  ```bash
  c8yedge registry-sync
  ```

* **Offline Package (Air-gapped)**
  <br>If you are working in an air-gapped environment, execute these steps to sync your artifacts:
  
  1. **Create the offline package** on an internet-connected machine:
      ```bash
      c8yedge package
      ```
  2. **Transfer the generated tarball** (for example, `c8yedge-{{< c8y-edge-current-version >}}_0_0.tar`) and the c8yedge binary to your air-gapped environment. 
  3. **Sync to the private registry** from within the air-gapped environment:
      ```bash
      c8yedge registry-sync -s "<OFFLINE-PACKAGE-FILE>"
      ```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
* You can discover more options with `c8yedge package --help` and `c8yedge registry-sync --help`, such as the ability to sync a very specific Edge version.

> * Record the **Root path in the target registry** provided during the sync process. You will need this for installing the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Record the **Root path in the target registry** provided during the sync process. You need this to install the operator.
```
